Rework index.md (#1582)
AdaptiveCpp/AdaptiveCpp: doc/index.md

#
![The AdaptiveCpp Logo](img/logo/logo-color.png)

Welcome to the documentation of AdaptiveCpp!

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-clock-fast:{ .lg .middle } __Installation__

    ---

    Configure and install AdaptiveCpp.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Installation](./installing.md)

> -   :fontawesome-solid-gears:{ .lg .middle } __Can run on most hardware__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   :fontawesome-solid-gears:{ .lg .middle } __Can run on hardware from all major vendors__
```
Perhaps this is more in line with what we write further down? If we write "most", then this raises the question where we don't run, and users might be more uncertain whether AdaptiveCpp works on their hardware.

Author: > If we write "most", then this raises the question where we don't run...

Apple GPUs and other unholy concoctions. 😉

But, fair enough. I suppose this would allow us to designate any vendor we do not explicitly target (and whose hardware cannot be targeted via a vendor-agnostic backend) as simply \"not a major vendor\".
